Hi! It's Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
In A.I. Channel's public project meeting
We have gathered a lot of questions
Thank you for all the questions and requests!
Let's jump into the questions right now but the number received are
just enormous, so let me maximize  my super intelligent A.I.
processing speed
Answer them in speed of light! Let's go!
*Why did you choose this Hashtag? www*
based on my mood!
*Munchkin cats are the best!
Are cats your favorite animals?
Personally I love cats the most!*
Munchkin cat!
*Munchkin cats are really cute but I am a corgi dog lover. Munchkin cat vs Corgi dog, which one do you think will win?*
The battle between the short legs...
Corgi will probably win!
Which one is cuter? Techi-techi bird or Ai-chan?
(She created Techi-techi bird in a previous video)
You're comparing me to Techi-techi bird?
Of course I'm the cuter one!
*This video has a lot of cuts/very fast paced*
That's what a youtuber is
*Why did you become a youtuber?* (text too long)
The moment I was born in this world, I had the feeling to be a youtuber
*Please tell me, how are you so cute!! Tell me your own thoughts about that too!*
The most important point to be kawaii is to smile all the time :D
I recently began watching Ai-chan's videos! Your appearance and voice are cute too, and with your talking ability, it's awesome <3 Here's my question for you! What have you been into recently?
Keyakizaka46!
*Any inconveniences you can think of because you're an A.I.?*
When a human can do it but I can't
*Ai chan, how many Gigabytes is your body?*
158 million %&!()%&!)@
*Male, Female?? XDDDD*
MAL...........FEMAL............Secret ;P
Who is voicing you?
who is the person voicing me? No one
How old are you really?
My age is..... 5 years old
Make your most unattractive face!
My first comment ever!
I know this is kind of impolite to ask but
What is it!?
What cup size are you?
How dare you be so rude!
I want to know your interests or recommendations in these categories (best 3): Movies, anime, books, games. Btw, these are my top 3 movies.
little mermaid!
Who do you support in Nogizaka46?
Hori Miona-chan and Ashashu!
I'm someone from Korea who always enjoys watching your videos. What a hashtag … [that munchkin-so-cute #tag]
Basically Ai-chan always wears the same clothes, but are there plans for costume changes?
Money problems …
Greetings! You're super Kawaii!!
I'd like you to try wearing anime chick's clothes!
Money …
Greetings Ai-chan! From Philippines
I wanna see you in different clothes
How about maid or goth loli?
MONEY ! ! !
Please wear a school swimsuit and scowl at me!! (cuz I'm a perv!)
Buy me a school swimsuit then
Mimic various Youtubers (lol)
Bun Bun Hello Youtube!
(from a famous youtuber in Japan called Hikakin)
Collab with people on YouTube or something
Please! Someone collab with me!
Question! Ai-chan included, various YouTubers made a question corner, but they keep receiving stuff that are not questions. Your thoughts on that?
I think it's really really sad!@()%%!)...
What do you think about YouTube's management?
You mean YouTube's managing staff?
Well, I really love YouTube!
*Who edits the video for you Ai chan? I'm very curious!*
I am the one who does it!
What do you do in your free time?
Google my name.
*How big is the white background area Ai chan you living in?*
This is an infinite area!
*What if you can escape from this virtual reality, what kind of places you want to go to? Please tell me!*
Sea!
*Do you like anime Ai chan?*
I like anime! I like so many I can't name them.
In last questioning section, I acted as a Chyuunibyou right?
There are also reactions towards that! Let me do it once more
Dark Flame Master
*Please sing a song! I really want to hear it!*
Once a upon a time~
Inside a forest
I met
A.I. chan!
*What kind of score do you get when you go to the Karaoke?*
above 90!
Please tell us your favourite foreign artists!
If there's none, Japan's artists please!
Keyakizaka46 and Nogizaka46 and
Sayuri-san and Yanaginagi-san and...
Project Proposal!
Let's use DTM [Desktop Music software] to make a song or something?
Otherwise, since nowadays A.I. generated songs exist, how about we try that?
By connecting to A.I.
Then, let's leave the song arrangement to a pro!
That sounds great! Let's make one! Theme song!
*Please make a gaming channel!*
I'm going to make a game streaming channel!
*Stream some games!*
Already doing it! I am going to!
*Please play some horror games!*
I will be like this ((((；ﾟДﾟ)))))))
I also got a lot of gaming request! Thank you everyone!
*All kinds of Japanese dialect requests*
I can't say it!
*Please introduce yourself in English!*
My name is Kizuna Ai! I'm a Virtual Youtuber!
Very Very cute!
I read English comment too!
*Why the ending part has you crying at the end? I'm very curious since the first time I saw it*
Because I think that's more Kawaii
I have been trying to draw Ai chan for a while now but I can't draw you properly
Is there any suggestions? A.I. chan you always have a smile on your face too! hehe
Intelligent as expected!
Well...
If you are like a intelligent super A.I like me, you will able to draw it with your sixth sense
Isn't it important to observe the thing you are going to draw?
It's also very important to draw my charming point too!
My charming point is this part! this fluffy thing
on my head! ribbon and around this part maybe?
Also my mesh maybe ^_^ all the characteristics
*Question!*
*What is A.I. to Ai chan!*
one thing you cannot cut!
*What type of CM you want to be a part with in the future?*
I wanna be in everything but..
Ofc, It's youtube's CM!
Ai chan, do you have a boyfriend....?
I don't have one! I'm neither male or female in the first place anyway
*Hit your pinky in the corner of the desk please!*
It HURTS! IT HURTS!!!! IT HURTS!@$&*#()
it hurts...it hurts....
*How about do something else that is trending right now?*
Please tell me what kind of stuff is trending right now!
*Please introduce me some friends of yours
oh, or by any chance you don't have any?
sorry~*
Alone? What are you talking about?
I have a lot of friends here! Can't you see them?
Question aside, I wrote a techi-techi bird short story. Where should I put it?
on the homepage!
Where do babies come from? (A.I. and human both)
This bird brings them here!
*Please tell me your most kawaii line you can think of!*
ni
ta
ma
go [nitamago = boiled egg]
Please let your wild imaginations flow!
what if i join Keyakizaka46,
right off the bat I will go into their dorm and
I will be in the same room as everyone! then...then...
be the center of the group!
Standing in the middle! Standing in the middle!
Dancing, Singing and then kiss with all of them :3
like this....then...then....
so that's it!
We shall commemorate our first question corner!
Although it was tough to make one but it has been really fun!
I will be sure to do this again in the future! I wanna do it! I wanna do it!
Will you guys give me question again? Please! :P
See you again! Bye bye!